I am so excited at everything that is possible with AI and coding. I'm really starting to feel like I have found a purpose	2/14/2025 8:28pm


I am really enjoying, since living here, meeting some people that are bringing me outside of my comfort zone because they don't necessarily know who I am and whether I'm cool and all that kind of stuff, because it's giving me a realisation of the fact that I don't need to be successful for people to like me.	2/14/2025 8:29pm


I worry sometimes that I get obsessed with the work that I do and as a consequence I forego intimacy with those around me and sometimes like I know that I want to be present but i just feel myself drifting and it sucks because I'm aware that time is ticking by and particularly with family members like my mother for example I know that I only have her for a certain amount of time and so as a consequence I don't want to waste the time I have with her but I end up doing it anyway.	2/11/2025 8:29pm


If I think back to all of the things that I've put far too much time into and I've obsessively worked on because, God knows, I thought that it was a good idea. Like, cryptocurrency, it's just Mad how much time I spent learning something that was ultimately pretty useless and lost me a shit ton of money. And I, at the time, thought that what I was doing was great, and I was, you know, investing my precious life force somewhere beneficial, but I look back on it and I was just utterly delusional. And I used that obsession to negate any sense of intimacy with others. And I wonder, you know I have a gut feeling that this is not the case, but I wonder if all of AI is like that. But I feel like it's not, because this is learning something that can provide immense value and that I can monetize. Because not many people on earth understand this, and it's the future, but cryptocurrency probably was just a waste of time. I think back to all of the stupid shit that I did, hanging out in Telegram chats, just speaking nonsense with people. The idea of creating this persistent memory database of my thoughts I think is a really interesting approach to using my skills, and I'm very excited to see where it goes.	2/14/2025 9:49pm


Also I know that I should work out but I just find it so boring, I would love to look ripped I would love to be like Brad Pitt from Fight Club level muscular but it's just I don't care maybe I just haven't discovered it yet but I find that surfing really is the ideal way for me to work out and feel in my body and to ache in the most wonderful way so I really should lean more into that and get myself a surfboard and try and get out on the ocean at least twice a week because it really doesn't just make my body feel, obviously, quite tired but amazing afterwards but it just emotionally and spiritually I just feel so good and you know I go out there on the water and the answers just come to me	2/14/2025 9:51pm


I'm really excited about moving into this new house as well with Suey being there for a year me and my wife-to-be just having a home together that we can just feel comfortable in knowing that we don't necessarily have to go and just move in three months time I think that's just gonna do wonders for us and I'm really.. I really like the owners of the property, I really like the landlord the jamming, I think it's going to be really good for us to feel settled and to have community	2/14/2025 9:52pm


I feel like I should get back into my morning meditation. I'd like to find my mind what's it called my heart brain coherence monitor. Now that I've been learning about the power of the mind and the heart when working together, I think I really do want to put more time and energy into just getting my mental health like sharp as a tack every morning doing a meditation I think will be really beneficial for me	2/14/2025 9:54pm


And as much as I don't like giving up smoking, after a while, there's something really nice about smoking. I think I'm doing pretty well in terms of the kind of things that I'm putting into my body. You know, like I smoke sometimes, smoke a little bit of weed here and there, maybe a couple of beers, but I'm not feeling necessarily like I need to teetotal everything and just cut it out of my life again. I'm feeling pretty good about myself and overall my level of say, dipping in.	2/14/2025 9:55pm


Okay, I think I've finished setting up the basic functionality for my AI second brain thing. I'm going to be using this at least ten times a day to just treat it like a journal. I do like to write, but I just find it a lot more difficult than talking. So to be able to just literally talk into a microphone and have all of that data be neatly organised into a system that can then be made sense of, should we say, I think is going to be really beneficial. And I think what I'd like as well is to have the weekly reports sent to me as a message and to have some amount of perspective created by being able to just live my life knowing that everything is being neatly documented in my database and that I can then use my own intuition when reading my weekly and monthly reports to be like okay, that's a little off, I guess the only thing is I need to be really honest with myself. And I need to trust that nobody will be looking at this data. So, yeah, I just need to trust the fact that this is a really good experiment for being able to get very clear on what it is that I want, where I am going, and all of that kind of stuff. So, yeah, it's 11 o'clock, I'm gonna wrap this up now and I'm just gonna relax a little bit, watch the office.	2/14/2025 11:01pm


So, I woke up this morning and I've been visualizing some of the things that I want to see happen. And I'm just aware of how little I actually put feeling into my future visions, and also how there are subtle feelings of less than, less than worthiness. So, for example I was just imagining Sunday's party. And I was just straight away feeling as though, like I was looking down, I didn't know what to And so I was really trying to bring my body into the experience of like touching the faders, and dancing. And you know, imagining visualizing, experiencing that the dance floor is just pumping. And so I think what I'm gonna start trying to do is instead of just imagining these things like, in that kind of situation I'm gonna stand up and dance with my eyes closed, and maybe hold the controller. So I can imagine with the whole body what it feels like to have this experience as I wanted it to be. Because after reading Reality Transurfing, I'm really starting to get an understanding of where it is that intention lies, and what it is that I have done in the past inadvertently that's helped things like come to fruition. But I'm just aware of like, how there are really quite often subtle pieces of, I'm not worthy or fuck what am I gonna do.	2/15/2025 7:09am




I need to pay better attention to the contents of my thoughts and how my heart feels when I think them. Only by focusing on my heart brain coherence can I achieve momentum in my desired direction in life. Focusing on the wrong things negates my positive efforts.	2/15/2025 7:20am


I must find my heart-brain coherence monitor and use it in morning meditations. If I get back into morning meditations (and maybe breath work), I’ll undoubtedly feel even better than I already do	2/15/2025 7:21am


I just did a tarot reading with sui and my intuition is telling me to pursue my “tech” and “ai” interests. Perhaps collaborating with steffano ritteri on this ai second brain would be fun or even just making more content about how I am using ai and automation. People would probably be interested in my approach to creating the Airtable/telegram/make.com integrated journal.	2/15/2025 9:21am


I am loving my partner Sui so much today. She did a master plant bobinsana dieta and the experience has made her so effervescent and fun	2/15/2025 1:13pm


I was talking with Sui this morning about my theory of The fact that I'm okay with letting go of agreements like if I signed the contract with somebody or said I was gonna do a thing. I don't really have too many issues with Renegging on that and I was trying to work out whether that makes me an asshole or not but frankly like I would rather just stop doing something if it feels wrong and if it feels off and I think back to a lot of the biggest friction points I've had with people in my difficulties in the past It's always been over the fact that they held me to something I said I would do and sure it's probably you know an aspect of healthy masculinity to stand by your words But at the same time I just don't want to do a thing if it doesn't feel right like it's worse I find for both of us So I'm pretty lax in terms of letting people stop doing something that they had maybe committed to just because I suppose I also want to never have to be restrained into doing a thing that this doesn't feel right this is obviously in the context of The virtual assistant. She'd hired doing a subpar job and still insisting payment, even though my partner is quitting The actual project at hand, but yeah, I just wanted to make a quick voice note to just voice this idea that I'm kind of okay with going back on agreements and I hope to do it in such a way that is with as much integrity as possible, but Yeah, I don't I don't really believe too much in the worldly concept of contract	2/15/2025 1:26pm


It's safe to say that I think that one of the most important responsibilities and missions that we have as human beings is to shape our beliefs so that we can give our most, give our maximal amount of, not necessarily like give as in being a nice person and like holding the door for people, but give our gift. Give what it is that we know we came here to do. And so, for example, if you have this inclination that you should be a painter or you should be a playwright or it doesn't even have to be an artist, you know, it could be anything. But if you have an inclination that you should be doing a thing and your gut and you know in your heart that that's what would make you happy and you don't do it for thought structures and beliefs that get in the way of you actually capitalizing on your innate love and this passion and this message that you have from deep that you're here for a purpose. That's your fault. And so I think that the most important work that we do is less about like doing our passion, it's more about like clearing the way so that we can do our passion do the thing that not just brings us love and light but in the process makes us show up as like our brightest most amazing self which I think is ultimately when you meet somebody who's fabulous or you meet someone who you're just like, oh my god, they're amazing. It's because they're doing that, because they've cleared the beliefs out of the way that have prevented them, or prevented other people from doing whatever it is. that they know that they should be doing and they're heart centered thing. So, yeah, I'm just all about clearing those beliefs.	2/15/2025 1:30pm


I often quit things without having finished them I'll try something new and I'll do it for a little while and Then I'll just quit, and I do this with a lot of things there are certain things I haven't quit like music and AI and all of those Things cooking, I've loved that but you know a lot of the time I do just quit a thing Not necessarily because it becomes too difficult or I face challenges, but just cuz I don't like it anymore. I don't wanna do it... and, yeah, I suppose a thought that I have is like whether or not that is a virtuous behavior or not, that I Just cut my ties of behavior that I don't necessarily think is helpful And by helpful I mean like serving myself and making me happy or whether or not this is a limitation that in fact if I Ironed out this crease should we say I would actually be a much better performing human being Yeah, I mean it probably goes in line with what I was saying earlier about Agreements and contracts if I'm not necessarily always staying 100% true to my word Whether that's to other people or to myself that I'm trying something new Am I am I lacking am I missing out in that but you know second thoughts the idea of having an issue with Quitting something as it pertains to disappointing myself. I don't think is even even real that's just like a total Non-starter because of the fact that I'm quitting based off of the fact that I'm not interested in doing anything anymore It's just not exciting to me. I try things out and give it my best and if I don't like it Then I'll quit I have no qualms about that	2/15/2025 1:35pm


I just got a pretty expensive steak at Sebas, the restaurant where I came to with Sui for our Valentine's Day lunch and... It came overdone, you know not super overdone but it's definitely not medium rare like I asked for it. And I'm having this strange feeling where I'm... I would like to be assertive enough to say that I don't want to pay for it. Um, but yeah, I thought I'd just make a quick voice note just to point out the fact that there's this sensation where I know that it's not what I want but I'm almost afraid to share that with a waiter out of fear of being too much or whatever. I mean, it's a $62 steak you want it to come cooked at least as you asked it for.	2/15/2025 4:47pm


It's truly remarkable how much the world smiles back at you if you smile at it. The mood that you're in like genuinely and not putting on a fake face and pretending to be in a mood but genuinely the mood that you radiate is just 100% reflected back at you. I can feel that I'm in a really good mood right now, and I'm at the shop and just the the essence of Play is just shining in all avenues of interaction with people and and, yeah, just wanted to remind myself that if you can muster up the feeling to feel good So too will the world show up feeling good	2/15/2025 4:48pm


I am feeling a little nervous about my DJ set at HOLOS tomorrow evening mainly because of a lingering and pattern-like feeling of worrying that people won’t show up. I’m also aware that I haven’t put too much time into finding new music and want to do a good job to show the scene what I’m about. I will find some amazing music in the morning that I can play and my friends will be there. I’m sure the party will be popping - I’m just noting that I’m feeling this way.	2/15/2025 6:40pm


Sui and I just had 2 experiences of using the imago technique to communicate some difficulties. It definitely helps remove the “heat” from a disagreement and I can see how it will be useful for creating and depending intimacy and safety in our relationship.	2/15/2025 6:42pm


I woke up feeling full of possibility, and that sense of possibility clearly infiltrated into the actions that I took today because everything just felt very easy, and yeah, I feel really good about that, and I'm not pushing it to have to stay that way but I just wanted to note that I feel grateful for it.	2/17/2025 10:26am


Today I made two very cool tools, using the Spotify API interface that allow me to automatically create playlists of every song an artist has ever made in chronological order or every song has ever been released on a label in chronological order	2/17/2025 10:26am


Yesterday night I played a really great DJ set. Even though I was a little bit nervous about it, going into it I think just because I haven't played in a while and maybe it's because it's local. You know, I didn't want to necessarily sh** where I eat. It went really well. And I felt very kind of in my body. And I was dancing and I was smiling. And it felt far better. Like I felt far more powerful as a DJ because I was present to what was happening on the dance floor, rather than trying to hide in my own world. So that was a real win.	2/17/2025 10:29am


I'm realizing how powerful computer programming and coding is for solving your problems as a human being. And I'm just really excited at the possibilities and it makes me feel so powerful and free and happy.	2/17/2025 11:57am